Improve document search doc (#678)
kuzzleio/sdk-javascript: doc/7/controllers/document/search/index.md

There is a limit to how many documents can be returned by a single search query.
That limit is by default set at 10000 documents, and you can't get over it even with the from and size pagination options.

Once a `SearchResult` has been retrieved, navigation through pages can be done with the [SearchResult.next](/sdk/js/7/core-classes/search-result/next) method.

:::info
When processing a large number of documents (i.e. more than 1000), it is advised to paginate the results using [SearchResult.next](/sdk/js/7/core-classes/search-result/next) rather than increasing the size parameter.
:::

::: warning

> When using a cursor with the `scroll` option, Elasticsearch has to duplicate the transaction log to keep the same result during the entire scroll session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a cursor with the `scroll` option, Elasticsearch duplicates the transaction log to keep the same result during the entire scroll session.
```
